[Outlook] (SSO) Fix quick start instructions (#2304)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/quickstarts/sso-quickstart.md

Complete the following steps to try out an Outlook add-in.

> 1. When the SSO configuration process completes, run the following command to build the project and start the local web server, and sideload your add-in in the previously selected Office client application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When the SSO configuration process completes, run the following command to build the project and start the local web server, and sideload your add-in in Outlook on Windows.
```

Reviewer 2: There is no sideloading for Outlook yet, so the above string should be updated to not include "sideload" and we should provide the instructions for how a user manually registers an add-in for Outlook

    > [!NOTE]
    > Office Add-ins should use HTTPS, not HTTP, even when you are developing. If you are prompted to install a certificate after you run the following command, accept the prompt to install the certificate that the Yeoman generator provides. You may also have to run your command prompt or terminal as an administrator for the changes to be made.

    ```command&nbsp;line

>     npm start

Reviewer: This won't launch Outlook and sideload. You still need to link to those instructions.

Author: Kept sideloading instructions

    ```

> 2. Make sure that you're signed in to Outlook with a user that's a member of the same Microsoft 365 organization as the Microsoft 365 administrator account that you used to connect to Azure while configuring SSO in step 3 of the [previous section](#configure-sso). Doing so establishes the appropriate conditions for SSO to succeed.

Reviewer: You'll still need this link for sideloading.
